Hey, just to start off I wanted to thank you for being such a good friend to me. Honestly I didn't think I'd get to this point again.. This was actually scary thinking about because online is what I used as a getaway. Now I'm going to push past and start working on myself.. So much is racing through my mind while I'm writing this because there's so much that can happen and I'm a big overthinker as you know. But truthfully, the reason I'm quitting is because if I ever want to continue on myself and work on myself I have to be truthful to everyone and one of them being you. And what I mean about that is the feelings I have towards you are not hate, it's never been actually and that's surprised me because friends usually hate each other at least once and that hasn’t happened to me with you yet nor do I think it ever will. But what I do want to say is the fact that this paragraph will hopefully change your perspective on things. Yes I do care for you a lot and I do mean a lot but that's also had affects on my feelings, and as you know I'm someone that falls in love really easily. I’m sorry for pushing this out as much as I can it's just really like scary ig writing this and I don't want things to stop aka my friends, my friendship with you and alot more but this is where it must stop for being to push on with everything in life i feel like i just need to self isolate myself and yeah the longest paragraphs always gonna go to you because i've been friends with you the longest and i've treasured you more than anyone i've ever met because of what you've done for me what you continue to do and just you've been there since day 1. For some reason the feelings I had towards you 2 years ago never really went away. In fact I would look for the things you did in other people and that was really wrong of me to those people. From this you could tell who those tiktoks were about, I couldn't really tell you on the spot last night or else that's when I quit but I at least wanted to have a few moments with you and I mean like us playing before I fully quit and send you this.. I feel really bad for this because I know you have axel and that's just something I never intended on going near or like trying to take your time out of your day that you could be spending with axel. I genuinely hope you guys go well. I hope you guys can fix whatever problems you have. As you know I will always be here for you. There won't be any time that I won't reply to you ASAP because I do want to be there for you but i do not think we can fully stay being like talking everyday or else those feelings won't go away. Truthfully put after we broke up i became a loverboy but for the right person and i had always thought that right person would be you but your in a relationship happy and i don't ever think i could have ever personally treated you that way that's why i said the regret thing last night and i hope you could forgive me for this like ever and we can move past it and just be friends in the future but that's whatever god has placed for the future of me and you and our friendship or whatever just in general the future holds. I just regret everything I don’t see how I am so love stuck on you I just feel horrible because its like why am I love stuck on someone thats happy and that's in a genuine relationship i guess it's just my jealousy issues or something and i just wish i was able to do that but i guess everything in life does have its turns and twists and just in general things will always end up how its supposed to be and yk that's just i guess how it turned out for me and you just being great friends I just don't know why i can't make myself get that fully. But now that the confessions out of the way I just fully wanted to thank you and give you appreciation about you and how you've treated me over the years i mean i know we didn't talk for like a year and a half but from that incident and now you've never treated me horribly and i just am thankful for you you’ve just been someone i appreciate and wouldn't give away even for the world. As of now You are the person that knows the most about me nobody not even the exes i've felt semi comfortable telling information to not even my friends IRL nor my IRL ex that i've told things to know as much as you do about me and about my family problems yes my ex knows about a few things but you know most and that's because you've made me feel comfortable with you and i am grateful that i was able to tell someone instead of keeping everything to myself because i know for a fact that, that would’ve tore me apart slowly.. This paragraphs getting pretty long so I'll end it here. I genuinely don't know what to continue talking about. I know I could yap and yap for hours but that’s not something I should be doing for a last paragraph. I just want you to remember to keep your head up even if everything feels down I want you to know I will always care for you and even if it feels like nobody wants you here or just nobody cares for you or your not perfect i just want you to remember that i want you here and you are perfect just the way you are you might not fit others definition of perfect but who cares you being yourself is perfect and that's something that i hope you can fully understand and never think badly ever again.

Sincerely,
Nate
9/30/24

-Always will be here for you just shoot me a text..
Farewell Jahsmen...
